hey this is Tom Peterson with NVIDIA now
we launched the GTX 980 and 970 in
September and it was awesome Maxwell
delivered great new technology like mfa
and dsr and it did it with world-class
performance and perf per watt and today
I am super excited to tell you about the
latest member of the Maxwell family the
gtx 960 now the best way to understand
960 is to see some live demos
so what we got going on here well I'm
playing so far cry 4 okay great and
you've got a gtx 960 in that box over
there and everything is stuck and what
you'll see is right away we're getting
40 frames per second okay so let's take
a look at options we're actually running
4x msaa which is a very common setting
most people run now we're going to
change it to 2x MSAA and we're going to
turn on a great technology called MFA a
now before we get into this too much I
want to know the GeForce experience will
do this for you automatically but we
want people to get the sense of how to
tweak this stuff up right and what
you'll see is right away with mfa
running you're getting about the same
experience as 4x msaa but you're getting
it at much higher performance we were
about 42 now we're at about 50 frames
per second so let's take it to the next
level we're going to overclock now gtx
960 is incredibly power efficient it
runs at about 120 watts TDP so that
means there's plenty of power Headroom
to overclock now in this case we're
running at 1392 sort of our boost clock
already we're going to go ahead and add
130 megahertz to the GPU clock offset
and 600 megahertz to the memory
interface and we're going to just hit
apply and come back to the game pull it
up in full screen and you can see we've
gone from about 50 up to about 58 59
frames per second and it's really easy
to take advantage of em FAA and the
overclock ability okay there's one more
thing I want to share with you about gtx
the cool thing I want you to focus on is
over here this is a gtx 960 and when
playing a MOBA full screen it's
consuming about 30 watts which means
these fans are completely off so to
demonstrate make sure you understand
they're off they're not moving there's
no sound at all which means that you can
play your mobile in your bedroom or next
to a neighbor and it is completely
silent
so I think that pretty much summarizes
gtx 960 it is a perfect upgrade it has
better performance it has brand new
technologies like mfa and dsr and it is
the newest member of our Maxwell family
it's available at it etail and retail
today worldwide so get out there and
give Maxwell a try